# software_engineering_hub

Software Engineering Resources Hub.  These resources support Software Engineers
seeking to begin or enhance their skills and career. Many of the guides are
well suited for interview preparation for top software tech companies.

## Algorithms

### [Codewars](https://www.codewars.com/)

**`https://www.codewars.com/`**

Solve algorithms from 30+ languages. Codewars is a community of developers,
which are called Code Warriors (or just warriors), that train on improving
their development skills. Think of it like a coding dojo - where developers
train with each other and help each other get better through practice.

### [GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/)

**`https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/`**

How many times were you frustrated while looking out for a good collection of
programming/algorithm/interview questions? What did you expect and what did you
get? This portal has been created to provide well written, well thought and
well explained solutions for selected questions.

### [InterviewBit](https://www.interviewbit.com/)

**`https://www.interviewbit.com/`**

InterviewBit is a platform to learn skills that you need for technology jobs.
We help you polish your skills and get ready for the job, whether you are a
fresh college graduate or a working professional. We also get you connected
with the right companies worldwide based on your skills and preferences, and
do everything needed to make sure you get your dream job.

### [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/)

**`https://www.hackerrank.com/`**

### [Topcoder](https://www.topcoder.com/)

**`https://www.topcoder.com/`**

### [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/)

**`https://adventofcode.com/`**

### [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/)

**`https://leetcode.com/`**

##  Tutorials

### [careercup](https://www.careercup.com/about)

**`https://www.careercup.com/about`**

### [Udacity](https://www.udacity.com/)

**`https://www.udacity.com/`**

### [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)

**`https://www.freecodecamp.org/`**

### [codeacademy](https://www.codecademy.com/)

**`https://www.codecademy.com/`**

## Recruiters and Headhunters

### [vettery](https://www.vettery.com/)

**`https://www.vettery.com/`**

### [TripleByte](https://triplebyte.com/)

**`https://triplebyte.com/`**

### [Hired](https://hired.com/)

**`https://hired.com/`**

### [woo](https://woo.io/)

**`https://woo.io/`**

We want to redefine the way tech professionals find the right opportunities
and the way companies find the right talent. At our core we believe that tech
professionals should easily know their demand and get the right opportunities
without the need to actively search for it.

### [interviewing.io](https://interviewing.io/)

**`https://interviewing.io/`**

Free, anonymous technical interview practice with engineers from Google,
Facebook, and more.  Get actionable feedback, get awesome at interviewing, get
fast-tracked at top software companies.

## Software Engineering School Guides

### [Switchup](https://www.switchup.org/)

**`https://www.switchup.org/`**

### [CourseReport](https://www.coursereport.com/)

**`https://www.coursereport.com/`**

## Contributors

<img src="https://github.com/johncoleman83/software_engineering_hub/blob/master/holbertonschool-logo.png"
width="300px" height=auto />

* David John Coleman II,
[davidjohncoleman.com](http://www.davidjohncoleman.com/) |
[@djohncoleman](https://twitter.com/djohncoleman)

## License

MIT License
